this video is sponsored by audible well
it's been a while since I made one of
these what went wrong videos but it
because the last two I made despite
being incredibly popular have either
been D monetized or just D platformed
altogether but you know is 2020 a new
year a new decade so maybe it will be
one that is free of constant YouTube D
monetization and other [__]
copyright claims so in this edition of
what went wrong we'll be taking a look
at another of Cartoon Network's biggest
hit shows a show which followed the
adventures of the outcast children named
Edie Edie and Eddie who would always be
thinking up new ways to scan the other
kids in the neighborhood so they can use
the money to buy those oh so delicious
it logically oversized jawbreakers as a
kid I wanted nothing more than the
opportunity to be able to try one of
those incomprehensible oversized sugar
globes myself and use some of my own
pocket money to buy the largest one I
could find which was about the size of a
tennis ball paling in comparison to the
show size but pretty big in real life
standards I quickly found out that
unlike the characters in the show I was
struggling to unhinge my jaw like a
snake and stretch my cheeks like a
hamster to accommodate this spherical
monster and so had to resort to licking
it like an ice-cream instead and I kid
you not after about a few hours of
licking away my tongue actually began to
bleed pretty badly I'm not sure if it
was down to the sweet itself
or if my tongue is just weak but either
way out of sheer traumatization I have
never had a jawbreaker again even to
this day I think we with you Danny
antonucci but we'll come back to you in
a tick being a child from the 90s who
grew up with Cartoon Network Edie Edie
and Eddie was a show I were tuned in to
watch every day
and obviously I absolutely loved it it
was colorful creative had a wide variety
of diverse and interesting characters
some of which has still been meand even
today not to mention it was absolutely
hilarious
Kevin Rd has a clubbers here and I'm
clearly not the only one who thought
that as the show was one of Cartoon
Network's biggest successes and was a
huge hit with both critics and audiences
attracting over 30 million households
and being broadcast in over 120
countries being both popular among kids
and adults alike having more than its
fair share
[Music]
Vegas winner without a snow job a socket
get it snow job this show is actually
Cartoon Network's longest-running
original series where the first episode
aired in January 1999 along with 130
more plus for TV specials and a
television film finale which aired in
November 2009 an almost 11-year run and
know before you go correcting me in the
comments section we're not including
shows like the Powerpuff Girls which yes
have technically been airing new
episodes right up to 2017 but have taken
long hiatuses between new episodes and
have undergone large changes with
various teams working on them so I don't
count it as one big series ed ed and
Eddy though like with many other shows
in their long years of airing did begin
to decline during its later season and I
know to a lot of people that seems like
a ludicrous claim and that the show was
pure gold from start to finish but after
re-watching the series yeah there were
definitely some aspects that fell from
grace as the show went on and I'll be
giving examples of these during the
review but before we take a look at what
made the show bad let's take a look at
what made the show great
the show was created by a man named
Danny Antonucci who upon surface level
probably wouldn't be your first choice
for someone to produce a kid's cartoon
not just because of his not given a [__]
attitude but also the history of his
previous animations which were much
darker and edgier animations aimed
towards our audiences in fact
Antonucci himself had no intention of
doing a kid's show either and only
agreed to do so as part of a dare I'm
not making this up the inspiration for
the EDS came from three character
designs Danny grew up for a shoe
commercial called kunchu eventually
these counters would evolve into the
familiar faces we see today and be
dubbed antonucci pitched the idea to
both Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon and
those seeming like he would initially go
with Nickelodeon he eventually decided
go with Cartoon Network as they agreed
to give him more creative control which
funny enough wouldn't be the last time
for Nickelodeon to lose out on a great
show to Cartoon Network further talks
are made as the show's premise was
developed offering some bold new ideas
such as a show having a 211 minute
episode format as opposed to Cartoon
Network's usual three seven-minute
episodes the show would also not be
animated by the studio's usual
hanna-barbera productions and would
instead be handled by aka cartoons a
Canadian based animation studio most
notably recognized by its incredibly
disturbing studio logo
and so on January 4th 1999 the first
episode of Ed Edd and Eddy hit the
screens with the episode titled the ed
touchable a theme which would run
through all the episode title cards
which would had the word ed substituted
to a reference or phrase such as pop
goes the ED Once Upon a Ned Robin ed and
my personal favorite mission ed possible
the title cards would also have this
realistic heart star which I quite liked
always reminded me of the highly
detailed stills you'd get in classic
cartoons or even spongebob for that
matter now the plot of each of the
episodes would typically have us follow
the adventures kill me of three boys
named Edie Edie and Eddie as they think
of various ways to scan the local
neighborhood kids out of their money
these scams would range to all sorts of
crazy shenanigans such as faking a
rocket car which can travel around the
world faking a thingamajig box and even
constructing an entire cardboard city
but then you would also have some non
scam related blogs such as Ed's
sleepwalking through the cul-de-sac and
causing havoc or having the edge
spending the entire episode chasing a
balloon or just having the edge breaking
reality altogether
[Music]
despite the initial zany aspects of
these plots when you strip them down to
the bare bones are actually pretty
down-to-earth situations situations
which have been showed from a kid's
perspective and wild imagination such as
when Eddie experiences his first pimple
though it starts off small in size the
more the other kids begin to notice and
make fun of it the larger and more
grotesque it becomes a kind of metaphor
as to how the person may imagine an
imperfection in themselves over
exaggerating it in their minds as they
fear of what the others may think of it
or how the EDS decide they want to skip
school and so literally construct a
plane to escape the grounds as if the
school was like a prisoner-of-war camp
or how ed is grounded in one episode and
it shows how his parents have literally
removed the stairs to stop him from
escaping my parents took him down cuz I
am grounded weed in the simple trouble
of new childhood clothes feeling stiff
and uncomfortable the humor in the show
as I said was fantastic the slapstick is
well balanced wasn't too goofy or
over-the-top making the characters look
like they were in genuine pain at times
and that of course is hilarious over the
first episode I watched where the EDS
are trying to babysit edge younger
sister Sarah Eddie is Chyna juggle as a
form of entertainment when suddenly a
cactus imposes hang
his scream along with his expression had
me an absolute fits another classic
moment is when Eddie is launched through
the air and lands at a thorn bush to
which edge just carefree Jax's impaled
body as Eddie Liza and sheer agony
alright so let's take a look at the
characters one interesting thing to know
about this show is that throughout its
entire run there were only 13 characters
on screen with no adults or parents
inside though the parents are referenced
as existing off screen never actually
physically see them which led to the
popular theory that the kids are all
actually dead from different periods of
time and that the coda sac is kind of
like a state of purgatory for them which
i think is actually a pretty cool theory
and could actually hold up ignore that
ignore that ignore that right let's
start by looking at the main trio first
art ed my personal favorite ed who was
voiced by matt hill is the large
simplistic but also lovable character he
seems to have a positive carefree
attitude and can often be running around
with his trademark goofy laugh
it also seems to be incredibly selfless
showing a great care for Eddie in double
D even offering to give them his two
jawbreakers that he won as a prize so
that the other two wouldn't get left out
and of course II definitely comes out
with the best one-liners in this show I
can't sleep any I keep thinking how get
my feet smell if they don't have a nose
[Music]
though not having much brain EDD
certainly makes up for it in Braun often
showing incredible feats of strength
which I reckon he could easily use to
take down Goku Superman and one punch
man all at the same time
I mean just look at this guy and how he
takes this steel structure and chews up
like it was a piece of gum another trait
to add was his wild imagination which is
heavily inspired by the comic books in
classic sci-fi monster movies
he often watches sometimes this
imagination gets the better of EDD as he
begins to merge reality and fantasy
trying to replicate a comic book story
by sacrificing Jimmy's mr. young young
and even taken on the identity of a
monster when put into a costume
terrorizing the entire coda sack outside
of sci-fi shows it also has a love for
buttered toast gravy and of course
chicken sometimes I worry that Ed may
love chickens a little bit too much then
we have Edie voice by sand Vincent stuff
whom because his name is spelt with two
DS as opposed to just one everyone
refers to him as double d double D is
the brains in the trio often coming up
with the crazy contraptions to help with
eddy scans he also comes across as the
most mature of the EDS offering an
empathetic and polite attitude wait what
did he just say cultures
Oh oh wait no nevermind
I guess he's actually just a massive
racist despite his maturity the downfall
to double D is that he suffers from a
lot of anxiety and doesn't perform too
well in sports
making him a bit of an outsider with the
other kids insane that though double D
is probably the most liked ed out of the
three ed boys due to him having higher
moral standards feeling elements of Gil
and offering condolences should ed and
Eddie ever go too far with their antics
the biggest trait to double D is the hat
that he's always seen wearing in the
show we the audience never actually get
to see what's under his hat throughout
the series though we do get to see ed
and Eddie's reaction to see what's
underneath in one episode seen a sound
Antonucci himself also has a revealed
what's under his hat it's possible that
we may never know the truth and no I
don't count the flash game as an
official reveal as it wasn't made by the
original production team so I guess all
we can do for now is speculate which
many many people have me personally I
think he's a skinhead were a giant swash
ticket a to last and certainly least in
height we have Eddie voiced by Tony
Sampson Eddie is the leader of the EDS
he has a loudmouth
cocky attitude and is driven by greed
basically he's like a version of Daffy
Duck
[Music]
though double D is the brains in the
group
it is usually Eddy who comes up with the
scams Eddie is the shortest of the EDS
which may be one of the reasons he feels
the need to compensate for this with his
loud actions and extravagant lifestyle
[Music]
though Eddie puts on a hard front of
coming across as confident and not
caring there are moments in the show
where we see a softer and more
vulnerable side to him indicating that
over cash in jawbreakers Eddie maybe
just wanting to fit in and be light
along with the EDS there's also the
other kids in the cul-de-sac who each
have their own personalities and diverse
ways let's start with Johnny Johnny 2x4
johnny is kind of that weird kid on the
block who can even annoy the other kids
from time to time so much so that the
ads even exploited this in one episode
by charging the other kids money just to
get rid of him because of this johnny is
actually a little bit of a loner and is
often seen just hanging out with his
buddy plank blank is a plank of wood
with some eyes and a smile drawn onto
him and though we're led to believe that
plank is purely a fabrication of
Johnny's imagination there are certain
times in the series where he does almost
seemed to become sentient
I guess it's kind of like the mr. Gowan
and mr. hat relationship but there's
also that episode where the edge try to
make new imaginary friends for Johnny
and it sends him into a mental breakdown
[Music]
so yeah maybe Johnny's just a
schizophrenic then we have Kevin who's
your typical neighborhood jock who wears
his cat backwards because he's just that
cool
Kevin is probably the biggest rival to
the ends always cynical to their schemes
and able to see through much of the
[__] that the other kids can't this
obviously doesn't make him the biggest
fan of the EDS
as he usually refers to them as dogs
our modern postal system will ensure my
relatives have fresh fish for dinner ah
whoa Rauf is probably my favor of the
side characters some of the lines of
dialogues he comes out with are just
brilliant loaf as you can probably guess
isn't native to the cul-de-sac and
originally grew up somewhere in Eastern
Europe where we see a lot of these
countries unorthodox customs in the show
despite all these customs we never
actually find out where is Rolf is
specifically from and even created an e
Antonucci himself admits that he doesn't
know where Rolf actually comes from I
don't know
then we have nods
who's your typical popular girl she's
good-looking athletic not the sharpest
knife in the drawer but kind-hearted and
the girl that all the Koda site boys
have a crush on except for Rolf and
Jimmy
unfortunately there's already much to
say about Naz as most of our character
identity comes from how the other boys
react around her
and then there's Sarah Sarah has got to
be my least favorite character in the
show she's Ed's younger sister and her
entire purpose is just to be loud or
making her older brother's life a living
hell
despite the fact that Ed is actually
really caring towards her Sarah never
returns any of that affection Sarah has
that to cool
spoiled brat little sister attitude and
as a result is very loud and hyper
aggressive and this would only become
worse as the series went on where she
starts off as just an annoyance in
season one she becomes straight up on
bearable by season five one of my
favorite moments from the show is from
an episode in season 4 where Ed is
uncharacteristically angry and finally
puts her in her place yeah then we have
Jimmy who is often found hanging out
with Sarah like Sarah
Jimmy is a bit younger than the rest of
the coda sack kids and comes across as
the weak scared and naive minded
individual often becoming an easy target
for the EDS though as the episodes went
on Jimmy would prove himself to be a lot
more cunning and sinister than he lets
on
even using his naive image to be able to
shift blame over to the EDS
for something that he did finally we
have the canker sisters who live in the
trailer park just outside of the coda
side the cankers are the main
antagonists of the series both feared
and hated by all the other kids
the main trope of the canker sisters was
their crush that they have on the eggs
and would often try to force themselves
upon them in a creepy and sometimes
pretty rapey manner now I don't want to
be that guy but let's just imagine that
the gender roles were reversed and it
was three teenage guys trying to force
themselves onto three younger girls yeah
I don't think people would have been
quite as content with them if that was
the case this creep factor goes up even
further when we look at a deleted scene
from season 4 which shows that in the
future the EDS not only end up marrying
the cankers but also have many children
with them too one thing to know about
all the characters in the show though is
just how visually distinct they all are
possessing bright or highly contrasting
colors to make them pop out from the
background and even if we take away the
colors all the characters can be
instantly recognized from their unique
style which brings me onto the show's
next great asset the animation the show
was animated by aka Studios a
canadian-based company
Danny antonucci is a very passionate
person when it comes to the art style
and animation holding very strong views
against modern digital animation and
cartoons that have non artists in
control of the director's chair very
very rare I mean now you've got writers
who are doing animation and it's like
Antonucci was a huge fan of the Golden
Age era cartoons particularly that the
classic Looney tune shorts which ran
from the 1930s to 1950s and thus wanted
his cartoon to be produced in a similar
way
because of this Edie Edie and Eddie
would be the last major cartoon series
to use the traditional cell painted
animation technique where individual
drawings are put onto clear sheets of
plastic and colored in with paints
antonucci also put great emphasis on
each frame being uniquely hand-drawn
offering fluid movement great detail and
wacky character styles even by how the
characters move on-screen visualizes
their personality Edie
carefree goes with the flight double-d
stiff upper right posture cautious and
Eddy passionate and greedy the most
distinct feature you'll notice about the
show's animation is how the counters
have this wiggly outline even when stood
still these are known as boiling lines
and it's achieved by tracing a drawing
multiple times food sheets of paper one
question about this unique art style
Antonucci explained it helps keep the
characters alive similar to what I
stated about the constant third
twitching in my review of the Isle of
Dogs along with the animation itself
you'll probably notice some of the other
unique styling choices such as how the
kids will possess different colored
tongues which is meant to be due to all
the different colored sweets the kids
are known for eating Dany Antonucci says
that he likes imperfection in animation
which is ironic considering antonucci
himself who has considered such a
perfectionist but in all honesty I do
agree with him I think imperfection and
animation is what gives it more charm
like you see the human work that goes
into it it's why I like the older
Aardman animation stuff where you would
still see the hand marks on the models
where they would be constantly moved
around by the people behind the scenes
as well as the great animation the show
would also have some of the wackiest and
unique sounds of any cartoon just look
at this clip here as an exam
[Music]
the sound design for the effects and
actions has to be one of the best I've
seen in any show so many random effects
used that really gives the show its
identity the musical score would also
have this 60s jazz light feel to it all
composed by Patrick card and the show's
theme with its iconic whistle which
actually whistled by anti-nutrient
himself
okay well that's everything that was
right with the show so now let's talk
about what went wrong
[Music]
season four was meant to be the final
season of the show and this is evident
by the final episode of the season take
this ed and shove it notably the second
ed Edd n Eddy episode to be split into
two parts
in this episode Eddy begins to notice
how the other kids in the cul-de-sac are
beginning to grow up and so to take
advantage of this the edge set up a job
center where the other kids are assigned
their future careers for the most part
the episode plays out quite normally
until at the end where we cut to the EDS
90 years in the future where it turns
out that all the adventures in the
previous episodes were simply the result
of Eddie daydreaming about the time they
were kids it's actually a pretty dark
ending as the realization of this occurs
right before Eddie is about to tuck into
a jawbreaker announcing that he never
wants to grow up and as the episode
closes Eddie claims
[Music]
maybe it's because I now sit here in my
late boomer 20s that I find this so much
more relatable reminiscing back on
simpler times as a child where there
seemed to be a lot less stress and worry
in the world waking up to Saturday
morning cartoons and dying over and over
to that stupid level in Crash Bandicoot
and so the egg Eden ad series have come
to a close and one of Cartoon Network's
greatest and most popular shows had come
to an end but first a quick word from
this video sponsor read well then it
sounds like you could benefit from
audible audible is the leading provider
of spoken word entertainment and
audiobooks and yeah you can still use
this service even if you are literate
I personally don't read too many books
due to my short attention span but being
able to listen to them in the car during
long drives is something much more
suited to my lifestyle I found myself
listening to the original cover line
book which you can have narrated by Dawn
French or the original author himself
which is pretty awesome it was
interesting to hear how different some
of the books elements are compared to
the film such as Colin's personality the
absence of why born and how it ends not
at all if you go to audible.com ford
slash Steve reviews or tech Steve
reviews - 500 500 you can start
listening immediately with a 30 day free
trial plus one free audio book of your
choice and two audible originals
[Music]
thank you so much for listening guys now
back to the review a year after season 4
had ended season 5 begins I guess old
man Eddie continues daydreaming and our
favorite show is back on the air only
this time with some notable changes
those of you that are keen-eyed may have
noticed something a little off about the
look of a show well that's because the
show had now moved on from its
traditional ink and cell technique over
to modern digital coloring now I don't
want to particularly criticize the show
too hard on this as I know Antonucci was
a huge hater of digital animation and I
know he would have done everything
within his power to keep the show with
its traditional methods and to be fair
for the most part the show does look
identical to the previous for Caesar
even managing to maintain those iconic
boiling lines but you can see that the
color palette just isn't quite as
colorful everything seems darker and
doesn't pop out onto the screen those
slight imperfections of ink and cell
blotches are gone and the place with a
perfect crisp digital coloring but
season 5 wasn't just a new season series
wise but also a new season weather-wise
the show took a pretty bold approach in
that season five would now take place in
the autumn and winter whereas the
previous four seasons had now been
established to have taken part over the
summer holidays kind of like gravity
falls this is explained to us in the
first episode where Eddie is still
trying to convince the other kids that
it's still summer by creating an
artificial climber in the cul-de-sac but
when the illusion is broken the other
kids freak out as they realize school
will be starting tomorrow yep school
this was an interesting move by the show
because as we touched upon earlier the
kids seem to exist in a world which is
uninhabited by anyone else so if the
kids were to attend school would there
be other kids there to potentially be
introduced as new characters and would
there be teachers there to act as new
antagonists well no at least not exactly
in this similar sensitive seasons 1 to 4
where there's heavy indication that the
parents are existing off-screen so - is
it for the teachers at the school though
sometimes we do actually physically see
part of the adult characters we see them
interacting with objects and have the
kids interacting with them directly I
like that they attempted to go with this
approach but as a setting it really
doesn't fit with the show it stretches
the logic of the show when the entire
school is attended by a dozen children
to the point that even the kanka
sister's ass and the same classrooms as
the other kids despite you know the
kanka sisters been several years older
and now that we've established that
these authority figures actually exist
in the school it seems odd that all
these ludicrous events are still able to
occur without any adult intervention at
least in the previous seasons it was
only implied that the parents existed
but here we physically see them on the
screen another problem with the school
system is that it breaks the dynamic
between the EDS and the other kids see
it's always implied that the EDS weren't
necessarily bad people they were just
loners and that if they had the
opportunity to join in with the other
kids they may just get along well here
in the school setting they are forced
into the same activities as the other
kids but still end up ruining everything
which makes me think that even if the
other kids did accept the EDS
they would still mess it up which kind
of trails me into my next point and
that's at how bad the characters have
developed now if I'm gonna be completely
honest I think these negative character
traits actually started in season 4 but
they definitely got worse
season five let's start with my favorite
character Edie was my favorite character
because of his simple yet brilliant
one-liners thank you for sharing that
with us ed his unpredictable actions and
he's happy go carefree attitude to life
he was a very wholesome character but
now he's gone from a bit of a simple
turn to a complete and utter [__] his
stupidity has gone completely through
the roof
he's extremely emotional and his whole
counter has just been overly simplified
remember this line from season to come I
double D I don't say gravy all the time
well in season 5 he's literally obsessed
with the stuff even grinding a desk over
his face when he doesn't get his daily
fix of it
then there's double Dean who in all
honesty I actually kind of like how his
character evolved over the series
someone he went from being socially
awkward and shy to someone who will not
only stand up for himself
but also others too he has a much more
caring and mature attitude which
definitely makes him the most likable
out of the three EDS
why is this a problem you may ask well
because this new character of his
doesn't fit in with Eddie and Eddie see
original with his anxiety double D
needed Eddie is that driving force to
push him to do things he otherwise
wouldn't now though he's quite capable
of doing that himself his newfound value
and morals also puts him into direct
conflict with Eddie scans with double D
normally having to object or apologize
to the other kids on Eddie and Eddie's
behalf making me wonder why he still
hangs out with them in the first place I
mean Christ has even some select moment
in the show where Kevin the Edie hating
jock is seen having some civil moments
towards him like maybe I can still see
double D liking ed because he sees charm
and his stupidity but I really can't see
why he would still choose to hang out
with Eddie speaking of which
Eddie whom in my opinion by far got hit
the worst the show didn't know whether
to be an [__] towards Eddie or to
make Eddie the arsal himself Eddie for
the most part is to straight-up
unlikable in this season the way he
treats ed and double D with constant
aggression makes you wonder why they
bother hanging out with him I mean I
guess Edward because at this stage he
clearly doesn't know any better but what
possible reason does double D have to
hang out with him the entire dynamic
with these three characters has just
been ruined originally they all fit a
purpose ed was the simple-minded but
muscle of the group double D was the shy
yet smart of the group
and Eddie was the driving force that
gave them guidance but beyond all that
they came across as three guys who had a
legitimate friendship like how ed and
Eddie would have comforted Double Dee
when he was getting bullied and helped
him to train in order to become stronger
now Double Dee and Eddie just seem to be
a constant war with each other
they're now only friends because the
script demands air not because they're
actually friends there was the episode
pick and ed where Eddie disguises
himself as another kid named Karl the
disguise falls the other kids and Eddie
is shocked to find that they're all
actually be nice to him so Eddie the
size that he will now keep the Karl
persona and completely dicks on Ed and
Double Dee in the process only returning
back to them because Double Dee tricks
Eddie into thinking that the other kids
are still bullying him but if it wasn't
for that Eddie would have been
completely content with abandoning them
and the humor suffered with the show to
remember how I said in the earlier
seasons it had the right balance of
slapstick well here it goes way too
overboard compare the reaction of Eddie
suffering from the thorn bush in season
1 to him suffering from a form bush in
season 5 by the way when I first saw
this episode as a kid I totally thought
this storm was Eddie's dick but the
biggest issue I had was season 5 was the
writing itself and how episodes played
out with many of the episodes coming
across as basic and simply mistreating
the EDS even though they didn't really
deserve it and it's only fair to point
out previous seasons did this too I mean
way back in season 3 episode stiff upper
edge I hated how it unjustly treated
double D but episodes like that were the
exception
whereas in season 5 they felt like the
norm a few to name example
tinker ed which by the way is an episode
which made me realize just how annoying
and whiny Jimmy's voice had gotten over
time anyway
in this episode Kevin mocks Jimmy for
still believing in fairy tales the EDS
notice Jimmy crying and decide they
could fake the existence of fairy tales
yes Eddie is doing this just for the
money but the gesture is still
beneficial for Jimmy unfortunately the
whole thing backfires and Jimmy has left
the press once again server then
threatens the EDS that they now have to
convince Jimmy that fairy tales are real
so the EDS have to humiliate themselves
just as fairy tale characters only to
realize the whole thing was a setup by
Sara and Jimmy my gripe with this
episode is why was it that the EDS were
getting blamed by Sara it wasn't it
Kevin that started this whole mess why
is she not pissed off at him and worse
yet Kevin actually comes out on top at
the end of the episode despite being the
[__] that started the conflict in the
first place smile for the edge this is
one of those episodes where the show
just decides to be an [__] to Eddie
Eddie is trying to get a decent school
photo
so his mum will give him the keys to his
brother's bedroom as the photo is being
taken Kevin calls him a dork which
messes up the picture the picture then
gets shared around the school and Eddie
is mocked by the other kids eventually
double D helps Eddie set up for a second
photo but that too again is ruined by
Kevin the episode ends with Eddie
receiving a week's detention for all the
photocopies of his face despite you know
Kevin being the one who photocopied them
and also for impersonating the school's
principal despite you know double D
being the one who impersonated him to
which double D even lets Eddie take the
blame for it
yeah nice moles you got there double D
[Music]
but I think my most hated episode has to
be cleanliness to the next aired this is
just a cheap gross out double D torture
porn which has double D becoming
increasingly filthy as he desperately
looks for a shower this includes and
becoming covered in little animal shirt
which Edie licks off of him later in the
episode sending double D insane despite
him you know being in filthy situations
prior and not having much of an issue
with her and by the end of the episode
double D is forced to be bathed by Ed
who readies the cheese grater to clean
him weak writing pork out to treatment
and lazy gross out
so to conclude this long and overly
drawn-out analysis ed Edd and Eddy was a
remarkable show it almost felt like the
last of its era and certainly was a high
to go out on unfortunately though I
think the show just fell victim to the
same factor that many other longtime
shows have and that's the pressure to
keep upping the antics from previous
events characters had to become more
wild and exaggerated and episodes had to
become more spectacular and shocking
which sacrificed the substance and charm
that made the series great to begin with
I know I put a lot of blame on this in
season 5 but in reality these cracks had
already began forming in season 4 and as
sad as it was for the series to end
maybe this was the best time for it but
even though season 5 had its many many
problems I still consider season five
quality to be good when compared to
other animated series it just pales in
comparison to what comes from seasons 1
2 3 and though ed Edd and Eddy may be
gone the series legacy lives on in our
hearts every time I hear the word dog I
think of Ed Edd and Eddy every time I
see the term cold a sack
I think of Ed as an Eddy and every time
I hear
I think of Ed Edd and Eddy so what's the
future for ed Edd and Eddy well as of
today there's been no confirmation of a
series of ival or any kind of 1 of
specials when asked about any future
projects Antonucci stated in 2012 that
he was currently working on a new series
and in 2017 released a pilot episode for
his new series called snot rocket
witches
[Music]
interesting kind of like a mix of the
old Roger Rabbit shorts where the main
character has to baby sir a child but
with the wacky imagination of edy and
his story of the Kanker sisters just
watch the shore and you'll see why I
mean I wouldn't exactly call it a
masterpiece but the animation is nice
and I wish Antonucci the best were there
I should probably also mention that
within season five there were four
television specials these were actually
all right the Christmas special I
particularly liked you know and till the
very end and the Halloween special
offered some nice visuals
and of course the television film finale
to the series big shoe show was a
shimmering light at the end of a dark
tunnel to give Edie and and Eddie the
send-off it deserves or was it the final
nail in the coffin well this video has
gone on long enough so I will dedicate a
review to it in the next one but thank
you so much to you guys that are still
watching I know it was a very long video
but please leave a like if you enjoyed
and comment below your thoughts on the
Ed Edd n AE series along with any other
series you'd like me to tackle in the
future but until the next one guys take
care